com/example/homekippa/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.homekippa.BuildConfig
com/example/homekippa/data/SignUpResponse.java
 com.example.homekippa.data.SignUpResponse
com/example/homekippa/ui/manage/ManageFragment.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.manage.ManageFragment
 com.example.homekippa.ui.manage.ManageFragment$1
com/example/homekippa/StartActivity.java
 com.example.homekippa.StartActivity
 com.example.homekippa.StartActivity$1
 com.example.homekippa.StartActivity$2
 com.example.homekippa.StartActivity$3
com/example/homekippa/createGroupActivity.java
 com.example.homekippa.createGroupActivity
 com.example.homekippa.createGroupActivity$1
com/example/homekippa/network/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.homekippa.network.RetrofitClient
com/example/homekippa/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.homekippa.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/homekippa/ui/manage/ManageViewModel.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.manage.ManageViewModel
com/example/homekippa/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/homekippa/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/homekippa/network/ServiceApi.java
 com.example.homekippa.network.ServiceApi
com/example/homekippa/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.homekippa.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/homekippa/ui/search/SearchViewModel.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.search.SearchViewModel
com/example/homekippa/data/SignUpData.java
 com.example.homekippa.data.SignUpData
com/example/homekippa/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.homekippa.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/homekippa/MainActivity.java
 com.example.homekippa.MainActivity
com/example/homekippa/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.homekippa.LoginActivity
 com.example.homekippa.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.homekippa.LoginActivity$2
com/example/homekippa/ui/searchAddress/searchAddress.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.searchAddress.searchAddress
 com.example.homekippa.ui.searchAddress.searchAddress$1
 com.example.homekippa.ui.searchAddress.searchAddress$AndroidBridge
 com.example.homekippa.ui.searchAddress.searchAddress$AndroidBridge$1
com/example/homekippa/ui/search/SearchFragment.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.search.SearchFragment
 com.example.homekippa.ui.search.SearchFragment$1
com/example/homekippa/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.homekippa.SignUpActivity
 com.example.homekippa.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.homekippa.SignUpActivity$1$1
 com.example.homekippa.SignUpActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.homekippa.SignUpActivity$1$2
com/example/homekippa/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.homekippa.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
